so what is up thank you guys all so much
for coming really appreciate it and by
the way we're all about with something
funny laugh make noise if you ever saw
the soup that's the kind of thing that
we're going for if somebody makes you
gasp feel free to gasp all right be
right back
like I believe the human race is so
mostly underrated we are good of course
we have some bad they're sucking seven
billion of us believe when you look at
our net score it's bonkers like you
know G damage we can be doing to each
other on a hobby basis and we don't like
we're still here like we want working
help of being and we leave it out have
to stay together
this is insane
[Music]
incredible he doesn't judge himself he
is completely who he is
he recognizes the strength he plays to
that find people that can help with the
negative side and being around and it's
like being around fire many people warm
their hand on it and become better as a
result to dive into balance and if you
haven't already be sure to subscribe to
the show and it's on that day
[Applause]
real bad I have talked on and out of the
jet I have summer session know that
better than Terry Adam Thomas would say
he's never given that interview before
she's always Michael scares we go
[Music]
all right by the time photo time let's
do it go date nerd shucks happening over
here you filming for a plan into the
absol year no yeah sure said oh really
there's a man knows where she other
really good I do a lot of stuff I
thought it was super water i appreciated
by very much how many be done God over
100 now under those yeah so we did what
we did 80 is inside quests and then when
we transition with them now over 20 of
them so my whole thing is to get people
out of the loop to give the interviews
that they haven't done which is actually
hard like most people they're so
used to talking in sound bites yeah but
to get them out of that is brutal yeah
but you were amazing especially really
easy to get you into something I'd want
to go back to drinking right so I think
you know back to like people that are
just hiding and just women hey I'm
trying have a lot of what I do with the
blog Tommy can actually thought about
that for blogs real English writer Chris
right we're missing stuff measure this
film every season
there you go oh yeah now course alright
hold on I gotta get that my wife booted
me out for do being a hugger this man I
love it
the matrix should be one of the most
enduring franchises in film history
it laid dormant for 17 years 17 years so
it's very very exciting I'm trying to
get with DMZ as well looking with the
moral thing I think major savers I think
one of the ways to really do it is to
get I think that hasn't been transformed
into yeah because then people can't see
it right so good to see you thanks for
coming on the show net actually you know
what you Gary I know you're already
there huh yeah I'd rather have a good
one
[Music]